# CS-499-Portfolio
## Professional Self-Assessment
Througout my journey here at Southern New Hampshire University, I have been able to improve on my weaknesses and hone my strengths whilst shaping my professional goals for my future within Computer Science. When I first began this curriculum, I had zero coding skills or experience within the Computer Science realm. I transferred from obtaining a biology degree to a more Data Analytic focused track. The first course I took within this program, Intro to Scripting, built my skills significantly with Python and understood the core principles regarding coding practices and syntax logic. Over the course of my degree program, I have been able to work with many other different languages such as MySQL, R, C++, and Java. Each of these were new concepts to me as I navigated the curriculum, but my skill with each has far surpassed where I started from.  

Many courses required collaborating in a team environment whether that meant working with others on certain assignments or engaging and assisting others through online discussion boards. I was able to truly grasp a team collaborative spirit while also relying on my own skills and critical thinking to solve problems. Although I did not work with real-world stakeholders within this degree program, I did have many opportunities to complete analyses and create programs and applications for mock stakeholders. This was expected of me to be as professional as I could and deliver professional and functional programs and results to future stakeholders. 	Throughout my time within the Computer Science program, my understanding of data structures and algorithms has significantly grown through hands-on practice as well as problem-solving, where I’ve learned to select efficient solutions and manage trade-offs in performance andcomplexity. These skills are essential for building systems with scalability and analyzing datasets efficiently. I have also gained a lot of experience in software engineering as well as database management. This has been accomplished through learning and utilizing languages such as Python, Java, and C++ to build secure and functional applications. Through working with SQL databases, I have learned to effectively solve real-world stakeholder problems and provide data-driven solutions. I have focused on improving my experience with security in these systems by focusing on input validation, defensive coding, and secure API development. These harnessed skills certainly showcase my commitment to learning and growing my skillset while creating secure systems.  

The artifacts utilized within my ePortfolio showcase the expanse of my capabilities within Computer Science through reflection of not only my academic growth but my professionalism as well. Each of my enhancements showcases my personal variability through graphics programming, full-stack development, as well as secure data handling. All these artifacts within my ePortfolio highlight my proficiency across multiple programming languages including Python, SQL, Java, and C++ as well as my experience with different tools and systems such as JUnit Testing, Flask, Dash, MongoDB, and OpenGL. These varied tools and languages help illustrate my strengths in the following areas: data visualization, testing, API development, and software design. Overall, my ePortfolio successfully serves as collective evidence of my growth and development as a Computer Science major and prepares me for the professional world of computer science. 

Please follow the link provided to access my [ePortfolio GitHub Page](https://kirissanthemum.github.io/CS-499-Portfolio/).
